REQ-ID:    M814-17K-NFR-GM
Description: To include a good performing hosting service for the website to work from, with the additional fast upload and download speeds of storing of information capabilities, to include information about each house advertised including images.
Type: Performance
Rationale: Quick/acceptable connection speeds and server response times will enable the agent and potential holidaymakers update/see information reliably improving the user experience being able to review updated information reliably and accurately at the earliest opportunity.
Fit Criterion: Internet connection speeds, the server should respond to client requests in less than one second, also interactions with the server which requires processing, such as storing house details and pushing thumbnails of images of houses, should take less than two seconds.
Supporting materials:  https://www.hobo-web.co.uk/your-website-design-should-load-in-4-seconds/  
Originator: Ayisha Jayakodi - Agent

Comments:
[David James] The description of the NFR (what information to store) doesn't really match the rationale or the fit criterion which are both related to performance. I think the rationale and fit criterion are both good but I would change the description to more accurately reflect the NFR.

[Gary Mathers] Firstly thank you very much for the feedback. 
I fully agree that the description of reflection was vague, also I agree that this is more of a performance requirement than usability. Although originally I was thinking if speeds were poor this would have a knock-on effect on usability and users may leave for another competitor site. Nevertheless, with further analysis of your comment, if the test passes as performance it won't impact negatively on usability reducing the ambiguity of test, complexity and scope creep as to exactly what is being tested. 
To sum, I have updated the description, type and deleted the merge conflict issue.

[Steven Plummer] I agree with the need for performance NFR, but currently your fit criterion suggests that the timing for these requests be done from the point-of-view of a client, with no details of what an expected client connection is. In the unlikely event that a user be connected via 56Kbps modem, a 20Kb thumbnail will probably take longer than 2 seconds to download. Your fit criterion would benefit from either specifying a specific connection speed, a percentage of real-world user connections, or only specify what you can control - that the server respond to a request within a given timeframe (thus removing the client connection issue from the measurement).