REQ-ID:M814-17K-MT-FRANCOISVILJOEN-NFR

Description:The product shall make every effort to keep prospective holiday makers browsing on the website for as long as possible.

Type:11 - Usability and Humanity Requirements

Rationale:The longer someone remains on the website, the more time will be spent evaluating holiday destinations that is on offer by the system and will increase the chances of a booking being made.

Fit Criterion:Aim to reach an average unique site visit time of > 3minutes and a Conversion rate to bookings made of 1 in every unique 100 visits. (References: https://www.noisylittlemonkey.com/blog/average-website-conversion-rate-uk and https://moz.com/blog/ecommerce-kpi-benchmark-study)

Originator:Ayisha Jayakodi - Agent

Comments: 

Jennifer Day : Struggling to find some way to improve this, looks a good requirement.  The criterion looks measurable, where did the timings (3 minutes / conversion rate) come from?

FV - Responses to Comment Above:
Conversion rate of 1% based on various websites such as these:  https://www.noisylittlemonkey.com/blog/average-website-conversion-rate-uk. Overall, the rate seems to be between 1-2% on average.  So the 1% is a stab at a good starting point, which may be improved later on.

The three minutes visitation time is also based on looking at a few websites that has some indication of Session duration for ECommerce sites.  Example can be found here: https://moz.com/blog/ecommerce-kpi-benchmark-study.  3 Minutes seems to be a low average and the assumption is that if there is something wrong with a website, somebody will not hang around for 3 minutes.

Open question is whether one would add references to the source data onto the NFR - or keep it as a reference somewhere else in case one needs to refer back to it?

[Jaroslav Petrovskij] In my opinion, the fit criterion is not directly measurable in the current form. The acceptance testing is done prior to the product going live, so it cannot be assumed that statistics on live performance of the product can be gathered and form the basis for acceptance. For the fit criterion to be measurable, I would suggest that you specify that testing should be performed on a selected group of users of a certain size (how large?) and how that group of users should be selected. For example, "A group of 50 potential clients of Landbnb should be assembled and asked to try to make their holiday booking using Everyday. The statistics for their visits to the website should be gathered and the average unique site visit time of ... and the conversion rate of ... should be achieved".
